[Music]
hi my name is Cory Beasley owner DNA
fitness I'm gonna run you through one of
my favorite total body exercises
I just basically call it a dumbbell
swing it combines a squat
you know while strengthening all the
muscles of your posterior chain your
arms your shoulders all the muscles up
and down your back your hips your
hamstrings your legs everything so what
you're going to do is you're going to
have a dumbbell you can also utilize a
kettlebell or if you have access to a
dumbbell or sandbag or anything like
that you can utilize this as well just
dumbbells are you know typically more
common so all you're gonna do you have a
dumbbell down between your legs feet
about shoulder width apart maybe a
little bit wider and you're gonna keep
your stomach tight chest up you're going
to come down grab that dumbbell
basically what you're doing most
importantly keeping your chest up
stomach tight as you come up swinging
that Dumbo arms stay straight coming
back down right there if you look at it
from the side chest up
stomachs tight swinging that dumbbell up
popping those hips forward swinging that
dumbbell right up over your head
obviously changing hands as you go so
down back up most importantly don't let
don't let your back come down don't let
it pull you forward again using weight
that you can control
so again popping your hips forward
utilizing the strength in your legs
strengthening all the muscles in your
posterior chain make you a much better
athlete help you with just strengthen
your body head to toe getting you
towards those goals quicker